Anti-Acne Gel by Detoxie - Get Rid of Acne
Our body harbours many different bacteria in a healthy symbiosis which benefits the both. The roles of healthy bacteria living in our body are:
•	Protecting our body from pathogens by colonization in the sites, where those pathogens attack by many different mechanisms which include secretion of inhibitory chemicals, and competing for nutrients. 
•	Triggering the body’s immune system to have an enhanced protection against invading pathogenic organisms.
Our skin, in a similar manner contains many bacteria, which are beneficial for it. However, there are some colonies of bacteria, which can affect our skin in an adverse way. One of the examples is Propionibacterium acnes (Detoxieanti acne gel), which causes acne by metabolizing the by-products of our body. Many excretions are secreted by our skin, like the sebum from the sebaceous glands and oil from the oil glands, which helps in removing toxins from our body. Detoxieanti acne gel can metabolize this oil and sebum and produces their metabolic products, which clogs the hair follicles of the skin, preventing the release of sebum, thereby blocking it, causing acne. This is a very common teenage problem, as the hormonal levels of the body have a role, however, in many cases, the problems persist in the adulthood also. Acne comes in many forms: blackheads, whiteheads, among which the most common form is pimples. 
People having oily skin suffers the most, as the bacteria get access to much higher content of oil and as a result, releases huge amounts of metabolic products, which clogs the fair follicles. There are several anti-acne gels and anti-acne face washes available in the market which claims to treat acne. We must remember two important factors, which are must to get rid of acne by using Detoxieanti acne gel:
1.	Removal of the P. acnes bacteria from our skin. If the bacteria are not present, the severity of the acne will be much less as no metabolic by products, which clogs the skin follicles will be produced.
2.	Removal of oil and sebum from the skin surface, upon which the bacteria feed on. The lesser amount of food available of the bacteria, the less metabolism will occur, lesser will be the formation of acne. 
Well, of the above combinations, achieving 100 percent of any of the points is practically impossible. So, an optimized combination of both can help to prevent acne. Acne gels with this benefit can really help in removal of acne and getting back the original skin. The gel must be oil free, and contain compound which are harsh on the P. acnes, but mild on skin. Use of natural compounds in the anti-acne gels is recommended as it is beneficial for the skin. Our companies use products like tea tree extracts, cinnamon, neem, honey, lemon and many more natural materials, all of which are proven to have important effects on removing acne. People having sensitive skin are encouraged to consult a dermatologist to know about the component which will be the best for them, and then choose from the wide variety of anti-acne gels, offered by the companies. To get rid of acne, and experience the best effects of the product, one must apply the product at least twice a day and on a regular basis.

https://detoxie.in/collections/face-care/products/oil-sebum-control-anti-stress-acne-repair-gel

